{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Beck Hall
\b0 \
\
	Beck Hall is the newest academic building at Gustavus Adolphus College. The academic building was dedicated on Saturday, Oct. 1st 2011. Beck Academic Hall was a gift and named after the Gustavus alumni Warren and Donna Beck. Warren graduated from Gustavus in 1967 and Donna graduated from Gustavus in 1966. The building was built with state of the art technology to create a better teaching and learning environment. This technology includes wireless connections, computer labs with a bank of laptops, and projectors. These technology improvements are provided in psychology labs, digital arts lab, a studio lab for the radio on Gustavus, and each individual teaching classroom in the Beck Academic Hall. Beck Academic Hall is the home to the academic departments of Communication Studies, Economics and Management, History, Psychology, and Sociology and Anthropology. \
\
	They Beck Academic Building was designed to be familiar with all the other buildings on campus. This includes using the same stone such as buff-colored Kasota stone and architectural elements. The buildings windows provide a variety of views of the campus landscape.  Inside Beck Hall there is a three-story atrium that is a focused gathering place to offer a better visual and educational experience. The atrium as well as many portions of the building provide light from the sun through the windows on all sides, this reduces heating and lighting costs year round.\
\
- Jack Nichols}