{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21460\viewh15240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Christ Chapel
\b0 \
\
	Christ Chapel was built in 1961 and then was officially dedicated on January 7th, 1962. The first service held in the building was on September 10, 1961. The Chapel is able to seat a total of 1500 people, 1200 seats on the first/main floor and then 300 seats in the balcony. With Christ Chapel built, it will be able to serve many functions. These functions include religious services, daily chapel and vespers, convocations, concerts, and seasonal events. Christ Chapel was made possible by a generous gift from Augustana Lutheran Church congregations, alumni, and many others. \
\
	The design of Christ Chapel has many statues that represent the historical Lutheran Church, the Bible, and a Swedish heritage. For example, the north entrance of Christ Chapel has statues on the doors and near the doors is known as Christ Door. It shows the Creed\'92s Second Article: crucified, died, buried, descended, rose again, ascended, and reigns. This figure is shown with a tree showing from death to life. The other door entrances also have there own statues and banner representing it. The west entrance is the Old Testament Door that portrays the story of Adam and Eve. The east entrance is the New Testament Door that portrays sculptures for the sculptural passage. The south entrance is the Hope Door that depicts the final moment of existence. \
\
	\'93Christmas in Christ Chapel\'94 was first held in Christ Chapel on December 9th, 1973. Christmas in Christ Chapel is a time when everyone comes together to celebrate the birth of Jesus and the incarnation of God\'92s presence in the universe. Worshippers can buy tickets to see the worship service along with great music performance and then can also pay for tickets to have a buffet with the worshippers group. Christmas in Christ Chapel has always been big since the first one was held and is always getting more popular each year. \
\
	On March 29th, 1998 a tornado that was a mile and a half wide swept through the entire Gustavus Adolphus campus and led to a damage of $40-$60 million. Christ Chapel was especially noticeable because the Chapel spire that was 187 feet tall in the air had been torn in half. However, within Christ Chapel the eternal flame was still burning, this eternal flame became the faith and life on campus to gather together and rebuild. The spire and cross was the last thing on the Church and on the Gustavus campus to be rebuilt and was the symbolic meaning for the completion of the restoration of the entire Gustavus Adolphus College campus.\
\
\
- Jack Nichols}