{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-4117

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Confer Hall
\b0 \
\
	Confer Hall was dedicated on October 27th, 1991. The building was named in the memory of Ogden P. Confer; Ogden served as a Chairman of the Board of Trustees for Gustavus. Confer Hall was added as an addition to the Vickner building and will be the location for the teaching of English and Foreign languages. \
\
	The Confer building was built to be bigger than Vickner but also contain three floors. The building was planned with the lower level containing two case study classrooms and four general classrooms. The middle level was to be used for seven faculty offices, a seminar room, and three large computer-equipped writing laboratories. The upper level contained eight faculty offices, a seminar room, and four large classrooms. However, the layout has changed dramatically when comparing it to the present year of 2014. Many of the buildings did not contain air conditioning because no classes were held in the summer, however with the new Confer addition, the building started to hold summer classes and air conditioning was installed. \
\
	With the student population growing on Gustavus and the increasingly need for greater proficiency in foreign languages in reading and writing skills, more space was needed. Confer added a greatly needed space and supplied many more classrooms. Since Confer was built, it has had a strong growth in language study.  The spaces created a much larger space for language studies in English, Scandinavian, and other writing programs. Confer Hall also contained two amphitheater classrooms to improve the teaching by the case study method.\
\
\
\pard\tx787\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 - Jack Nichols}