{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Hollingsworth Field
\b0 \
\
	In 1929, Gustavus built the first lighted field in all of Minnesota. This is somewhat different to the new Hollingsworth Field where there are no lights at all. The 1929 version of Hollingsworth field was first named after Dr. Lloyd Hollingsworth who was a Gustavus coaching legend and Physical Education teacher. Erecting a 2,500 seat stadium costing $25,000, the school was ready to be recognized athletically. Underneath the bleachers, there were locker rooms along with three handball courts for student use. A press box was added in 1948, but then damaged by the 1998 tornado (then rebuilt). A life membership ticket to the stadium in 1929 went for $50 a piece. The new and improved Hollingsworth Field was built in 2007 with a cost of $6 million. \
\
	Walking into the new stadium, spectators walk through the "Traditions Plaza" where past Gustavus All-Americans and other awards and donations are shown in plaques. The facility was built below ground level in order to enhance the spectators view of the field. On the home sideline, the bleachers held 2,500 fans; On the opposite side of the field, the visitors only could seat 1,000. For additional seating, a grassy hill was put in around the circumference of the field. This grassy knoll held between 1,000-1,500 fans. All-in-all, the new Hollingsworth Field has a maximum capacity of close to 5,000 people. \
\

\b The First Football Game At Gustavus
\b0 \
\
	The first football game at Gustavus Adolphus College was played on Friday, September 20, 1929 against the St. Paul Lutherites. Kickoff was set for 8:30pm under the lights. Before the game took place, the college held a pep fest in the stadium where the rouser was first introduced. Gustavus went on to win the game by 14 points under coach Howard Schwarts. This night game was the first of its kind in Minnesota.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx4760\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 - Cody Christensen}