{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21460\viewh15240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Folke Bernadotte Memorial Library 
\b0 \
\
The Folke Bernadotte Memorial Library was built in 1948 and was located in the Arthur H. Anderson Social Science Center. It was dedicated and named after Count Folke Bernadotte who was a United Nations ambassador and was sometimes called the son of Sweden and citizen of the world. He was well known for his humanitarian work. The hope was that young people would be daily reminded of Bernadotte\'92s humanitarian philosophy by his saying, \'93We do not live to be happy ourselves, but to make others happy. This building is supposed to embody that saying. Currently, the Folke Bernadotte Memorial Library resides southwest of the Charles Jackson Campus Center and is attached to the Johnson Student Union. \
\

\b Smoking Rooms in the New Library?
\b0 \
	In 1972, Gustavus was graced with a new building. The 29-year-old Princess Christina of Sweden was in town and attended the dedication ceremony. Its dedication occurred on October 25, less than ten days after the books were carried over from the Anderson Social Science Center. Carrying bundles of books from the old location to the new one was quite the task. \'93Operation BOB\'94 took place which involved the transfer of 8,000 Bundles of Books to the new location that could fit 309,000 volumes. Students, faculty, administration, and even the Board of Trustees all got heavily involved in this task as nearly everyone volunteered to help. There was even a prize to any individual who carried over 20 bundles of books. \
	On the first floor, one can find items such as: Government documents, curriculum collection, Audio-visual services, and books in the Library of Congress. The second floor houses circulations, reserves, card catalogs, indexes, bibliographies, current periodicals, microforms, reference, and a staff work area. Floor three had exhibits, archives, Pioneer collection, and periodicals. One thing all three floors had in common is the smoking rooms located on the south side of the building. Those have since been terminated, but at the time, professors and students alike could cram themselves into small cubical rooms and light up a cigarette. Even after change, older faculty members still refer to those rooms as the \'93smoker\'94.\
\

\b Letter Sculpture on the Ramp
\b0 \
	Outside the current library, there is a BC-AD sculpture that rotates on a hydraulic pump. Paul Granlund was the sculptor of this bronze masterpiece. It lies en-route to the Christ Chapel and symbolizes the unity that exists between the spiritual and intellectual objectives of the college. While standing on the north side of the sculpture and looking towards the chapel, one will notice that the spire intersects perfectly between the BC and AD letters. This is meant to symbolize worship is at the center of life. \
\

\b Library\'92s Whereabouts Timeline
\b0 \
\pard\tx160\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf0 \'95 1876-1889; first floor of Old Main.\
\'95 1889-1897; Commerce Building.\
\'95 1897; second floor of Old Main.\
\'95 1920; top floor of Commerce Building.\
\'95 1931; basement of Uhler Hall.\
\'95 1941; former President\'92s Home, known as \'93Reading Hall\'94.\
\'95 1944; main library in Commerce Building.\
\'95 1947; library takes over entire Commerce Building, some books stored in Wahlstrom. Reading Hall still in use.\
\'95 1948; Arthur H. Anderson Social Science Center.\
\'95 1971; music library in Schaefer Fine Arts Center.\
\'95 1972; current Folke Bernadotte Memorial Library.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx4760\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
- Cody Christensen}