{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-3798

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Nobel Hall of Science\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-3798

\b0 \cf0 \
	The Alfred Nobel Hall of Science houses departments of Chemistry and Biology at Gustavus.  This three story building contains 150 rooms that expand over 75,000 square feet.  The building is home to the Wallenburg Auditorium, a 208 seat lecture hall that is used for lectures, presentations, movies, and meetings.  On the top floor of Nobel is a greenhouse operated by Gustavus\'92s Biology department.  In November of 2013, the greenhouse featured the Corpse Flower, a plant that blooms just once every three years.  Gustavus was visited by over 7,000 spectators from all parts, gaining a national publicity for the college and its sciences.\
	A prominent feature of Nobel Hall is the 800 square foot bust on the East wall of the building.  The bust, designed by sculptor Don Gregory, is entitled \'93Man and the Universe\'94 and gives the building its character as a proficient hall of science.  \
	Just inside the front doors, Nobel\'92s lobby occupies a three story tall study space complete with chairs, tables, couches, and bookshelves.  The lobby also contains a Foucault Pendulum, a pendulum that, by slowly turning as it oscillates, measures the speed of rotation of earth, rather than the acceleration due to gravity as a traditional pendulum would.  The sixteen inch, 535 pound ball suspended from 3500 pound wire measures the speed of rotation at St. Peter\'92s latitudinal position to be about 10.5 degrees per hour.  Thus, it takes thirty four hours and twenty one minutes for the Foucault Pendulum to complete on full rotation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-3798

\b \cf0 History
\b0 \
\
	Gustavus acquired the permission to name its new science building after Swedish scientist Alfred Nobel in 1958.  Most famous for his invention of dynamite, Alfred Nobel wrote in his will of a foundation that funds advancements in sciences.  This foundation became the Nobel Foundation in 1900, the private institution behind the prestigious Nobel Prizes given out in peace, physics, chemistry, medicine, and literature.  \
	Nobel Hall of Science, the sixth building in Gusatvus\'92s $4 million centennial expansion program in the early sixties, was designed by Setter, Leach, and Lindstrom of Minneapolis and constructed in 1962.  It originally contained the science departments of Chemistry, Biology, Physics, Geometry, and Geography.  On May 4th, 1963, the new building held a dedication ceremony attended by ambassadors of the Swedish government as well as 26 Nobel Laureates including physicists Dr. Walter H. Brattain and Dr. James Franck, and chemists Dr. Harold C. Urey, Dr. Edward C. Kendall, and Dr. Peter Debye.  The ceremony sparked a great deal of publicity for the college and influenced the Nobel Conference, an annual seminar that features top scientists from the fields of physics, chemistry, biology, and more speaking on behalf of the research they are conducting and where they see advancements in their field for the future.  Each year brings a different theme for the Nobel Conference.  2014\'92s Conference is titled \'91Where Does Science Go From Here?\'92 and is planned to teach those attending about how discoveries we are making now can influence our world and what fields or topics should be further explored to improve the future.\
	Nobel was the home of the majority of Gustavus\'92s science departments until the construction of Olin Hall in 1991.  At this time, Physics moved out and Geography and Geology occupied the vacant space.  Nobel currently contains all of Gustavus\'92s Biology and Chemistry labs and is one of the most significant, tradition-enriched academic buildings on campus.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 - Danny Kimlinger}