{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx379\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Old Main
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 The first building ever to be on campus, Old Main is the first glimpse one gets of the college while driving up College Avenue. Prominently standing there like an eagle overlooking the city, Old Main stands as a symbol of something great. Not only does Gustavus Adolphus College lie on the grounds surrounding Old Main, but so does tradition and community. The high clock once gave the symbol of time stuck in the mud, but in 1913 that all changed. A once still piece of art began ticking through a generous gift from the class of 1913. Since it costs money for the clock to actually work, the college could not afford it at the time. This new feature of a working clock was now a symbol for the college to keep up with the times. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1059\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 The Incompleteness of Old Main
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
In 1876 when the building was "done", it was all but complete. School began and students were awe-struck, but the truth is, the inside was not nearly not as magnificent as the outer shell. Inside, it was a stretch for students to find furniture, desks, kitchen materials, and many other necessities for college students. In fact, they initially had to practice their writing skills while kneeling at the window-sill due to the absence of desks. On top of that, students were required to take 2-hour shifts to heat the wood-burning stoves that kept the building warm. If they refused, they were denied a meal. Technology eventually trumped this system as a retrofitted steam heating plant eventually became the source of heat in Old Main. Since this was the only building on campus at the time, every department was housed inside; academics, dormitories, president's quarters, library, and dining services (which at the time was horrendous). As part of the incompleteness, the college had to borrow a kitchen stove in order to have a means to cook food. Students were very critical of the food that was cooked with it, however, as poor academic performance was sometimes accredited to the lack of decent food. A typical meal at Gustavus included bread, potatoes, vegetables, pudding or apples, coffee, tea, and milk. In 1887, the dining services moved to Commerce Hall, which offered hope to increase the likability of the cuisine. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx11899\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Mischief in Old Main
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 On the second and third floor of Old Main, boys lived. This only means one thing having boys and president living in the same place: mischief. There are tales of President Nyquist getting so upset with his male students that he was forced to call them "the godless youth in America." One tale in-particular involves the boys throwing cans filled with rocks down the stairs in the middle of the night to wake the president and his wife. President Nyquist did not take to a liking of this, but President Wahlstrom was different. He would actually participate in water fights with students in Old Main itself! During his presidency, students would ring the bell at the wee hours of the morning to try and get a rise out of this "softy". In 1913, residence was closed in Old Main, forcing students down the hill to live in private homes and "boarding clubs";. This increased mischief and led to many violations of school rules and regulations. The move was to make room for science labs and classrooms.}