{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Olin Hall of Science
\b0 \
\
	Olin Hall houses the departments of physics, math, and computer science at Gustavus.  Standing three stories tall, Olin contains faculty offices, classrooms, technologically advanced science labs, two lecture halls, the offices of Gustavus\'92s technical support team, and two quiet lobbies overlooking Christ\'92s Chapel, the Bernadotte Memorial Library, Beck Hall, and the Sesquicentennial sculpture commons just outside the doors of Olin.  On the roof is the Olin Observatory where students can use an advanced telescope to locate stars, planets, and other celestial bodies and research their movement across the night sky.  In the basement of Olin are student research labs including Dr. Jesse Patricka\'92s cold molecule laboratory and Dr. Thomas Huber\'92s acoustics lab.  Both research labs received considerable improvements in cooling systems, humidity control, and overall safety thanks to a $253,150 grant from the National Science Foundation in 2010.\
\

\b History\

\b0 \
	In 1989, the college received a $5.1 million grant from the F.W. Olin Foundation.  The foundation was incorporated in New York in 1938 and stands to aid private colleges in constructing academic buildings and libraries.  At the time, physics, math, computer science, chemistry, biology, geography, and geology were all housed in Nobel Hall of Science.  The building was overcrowded and space resources were being inconveniently shared by multiple departments.  Gustavus realized the need for a new academic building and took a leap applying for a grant from the F.W. Olin Foundation.  Out of the 60-90 applicants that apply for grants each year, only one or two schools are selected.  Gustavus was only one of eleven colleges in the Midwest to receive the Olin Grant at the time, and it was the largest Olin gift to a Minnesota College.\
\
	Gustavus broke ground on Olin on Monday April 23, 1990.  \'93It impacts the way we see ourselves, the way others see us, and opportunities we have for greater service.\'94 Said Gustavus\'92s President, John S. Kendall, about the opportunities Olin Hall brought to the college\'92s departments of science.  Not only did it provide physics, math, and computer science departments with brand new space and resources, but it allowed chemistry, biology, geology, and geography to occupy the new open space in Nobel, creating better work environments for all science departments.\
\
	The building was finished in 1990 and dedicated on May 25th of 1991.  Olin\'92s construction meant that Hollingsworth Field be relocated, but the college understood that it was a small price to pay for the much needed new academic building.  Olin Hall of Science was an enormous step forward for Gustavus Adolphus College and its science departments.  At a time when internet was just taking root in the field of education, Olin\'92s advanced technology, top line computers, and innovative research labs were and continue to be a crucial resource in Gustavus\'92s quest for higher education.\
\
\
- Danny Kimlinger\
}