{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 P.A. Mattson Hall\

\b0 \
Mattson Hall was dedicated on October 8, 2005 to Rev. P.A. Mattson. He was a Swedish immigrant who presided over the school from 1904-1911. Housed in this building are the nursing and education departments. During his presidency, Mattson pushed for a new Department of Education, so it makes sense for this building of education to be named after him. Mattson also led the building of the Central Heating Plant in 1910. \
\

\b Grumpy Grandpa?\

\b0 \
	Paul Kinney, the grandson of P.A. Mattson, wrote a speech for the dedication of the building. The speech was directed in honor of his grandfather. As young boys, Kinney and his brother did not enjoy visiting Mattson due to his persistently stern manner. On Sundays, Mattson was strict in having that designated as the Lord's day; Church, rest, Swedish lessons, and contemplation, were all activities Mattson indulged in on Sundays. When his grandsons wanted to partake in backyard football on this most sacred day, grandpa would yell out the window, "Boys, it's Sunday!" The boys got this message loud and clear and immediately went in the house. Curious of the whereabouts of their distant, authoritative, austere, and unfriendly grandfather, the boys had the feeling P.A. did not like it when they came to visit him. This feeling was mutual, however, as the boys were always eager to go home after a tough day at grandpa's.  As a boy, Kinney's impressions of P.A. were clearly negative. His perception changed as he matured and grew older.\
	Once Kinney was old enough to sit down and read his grandfather's biographical data and listen to his talk about his scholarship and leadership in the church, he realized Mattson was quite the man; A 16-year-old boy with virtually nothing emigrating to America, Ph.D. recipient from the University of Minnesota while presiding over the college, spoke seven languages, and was a good Christian man and understanding pastor. Grandson Paul Kinney learned to admire and respect his grandfather and made the decision he was not actually a mean gentleman. This was all spoke at the dedication ceremony in 2005.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx4760\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx4760\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 - Cody Christensen}