{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Schaefer Fine Arts (Art Wing)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 	Completed in 1971, the Schaefer Fine Arts Building is home, of course, to the arts. Not just art as one would think, but performing arts and music as well. This center was built to provide students of the arts with the most spacious and modern facilities available. The $3.3 million complex was funded by generous gifts from many benefactors, chiefly Harold and Ruth Schaefer whom the building is named after. Initially, people questioned whether or not the building would ever use all its space, but in 1980, the programs had grown so much in nine years that additional space was really needed. A loggia was located between the music and theatre sections of the facility which offered a possible solution to this spatial issue. As aesthetically pleasing as loggias are, it caused a \'93significant energy-loss problem\'94 due to the openness of the structure. In 1980, the loggia was boarded up and remodeled for more classroom, dance, and choir space. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 	Graduate of Gustavus Paul Granlund needed a place to do his art work so the campus moved the art studio from the Art Barn to the Granlund Studio. This building is located at the southernmost part of campus, just north of the Arboretum. \
\

\b Fun Fact
\b0 \
\
-     Construction of the Schaefer Fine Arts Building was delayed about 4 weeks due to a strike conducted by the carpenter. There was some clear debate in what he was getting paid. Funny thing is the buildings were almost completed when he stopped working. \
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300
\cf0 - Cody Christensen}