{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Schaefer Fine Arts (Music Wing)
\f1\b0\fs22 \

\f0\fs24 \
	Completed in 1971, the Schaefer Fine Arts Building is home, of course, to the arts. Not just art as one would think, but performing arts and music as well. This center was built to provide students of the arts with the most spacious and modern facilities available. The $3.3 million complex was funded by generous gifts from many benefactors, chiefly Harold and Ruth Schaefer whom the building is named after. Gustavus also received numerous grants, one being from the U.S. Office of Education for a total of $40,236 designated to heat the building. Initially, people questioned whether or not the building would ever use all its space, but in 1980, the programs had grown so much in nine years that additional space was really needed. A loggia was located between the music and theatre sections of the facility which offered a possible solution to this spatial issue. As aesthetically pleasing as loggias are, it caused a \'93significant energy-loss problem\'94 due to the openness of the structure. In 1980, the loggia was boarded up and remodeled for more classroom, dance, and choir space. The Schaefer Fine Arts Complex received an architect award in 1972 and was displayed as an example of excellence in architectural design at the Minnesota Society of Architects. \
\
	Jussi Bjorling is considered to be one of the best opera singers to ever hail from Sweden. At    age 19, Bjorling debuted at the Stockholm Royal Opera singing Ottavio in Mozart\'92s Don Giovanni which is a famous opera composed in two acts. He did this and other performances across Europe. Bjorling tragically died in 1960 at the age of 49 from a heart attack. His feats in the music world did not go unnoticed, especially at Gustavus. Mrs. Jussi Bjorling and Robert Merrill (a companion of Bjorling\'92s) set up the Jussi Bjorling Memorial Fund which was intended to help fund the building of a performing arts area at Gustavus. This 500-seat concert hall was named after Jussi Bjorling. The hall was designed with the best acoustics for musicians to accurately display their musical talents. \
\

\b Fun Fact\

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 -	A benefit concert that raised money for the Jussi Bjorling Memorial Fund was put on in 1968 by the Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra. This orchestra plays at the Nobel Prize ceremonies. Tickets sold from $5 to $2. There were fifteen $1,000 donors whom all were patrons, $100 sponsors, and $25 contributors. \
}