{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Schaefer Fine Arts (Theatre and Dance Wing)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 	Completed in 1971, the Schaefer Fine Arts Building is home, of course, to the arts. Not just art as one would think, but performing arts and music as well. This center was built to provide students of the arts with the most spacious and modern facilities available. The $3.3 million complex was funded by generous gifts from many benefactors, chiefly Harold and Ruth Schaefer whom the building is named after. Initially, people questioned whether or not the building would ever use all its space, but in 1980, the programs had grown so much in nine years that additional space was really needed. A loggia was located between the music and theatre sections of the facility which offered a possible solution to this spatial issue. As aesthetically pleasing as loggias are, it caused a \'93significant energy-loss problem\'94 due to the openness of the structure. In 1980, the loggia was boarded up and remodeled for more classroom, dance, and choir space. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 The First Performance\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 	The Theatre and Dance wing of the Schaefer Fine Arts Building features a 270-seat theatre called the Evan and Evelyn Anderson Theatre. It was designed to look like a smaller version of the famous Guthrie Theatre in Minneapolis. Taking part in the first performance in this theatre must have been an honor. This pioneer performance took place in 1971 and was titled \'93The Trojan Women.\'94 Currently, this theatre is completing renovations to even better the facility. \
}