{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Johnson Student Union
\b0 \
\
	The Johnson Student Union is one of the oldest buildings on campus.  On the top floor is Alumni Hall.  Alumni Hall is a beautiful dining room used for special occasions such as the President\'92s Ball and Scholarship Luncheons.  The long, tall banners on the walls compliment the windows that look out over the center of campus.  On the main floor, one will find the Center for Servant Leadership.  This office focuses on career development for students as well as volunteer opportunities for those interested.  The basement of the Student Union is the home to a dry bar called The Dive.  The Dive provides a relaxing retreat to students complete with couches, ping pong tables, pool tables, a television, and a dance floor.  On Friday nights, the Dive hosts dances from 11pm-1am Saturday morning.  The Dive is also a commonplace for group meetings as it provides a comfortable setting to hold a discussion or work on a school project.\
\

\b History
\b0 \
\
	The Johnson Student Union was built in 1921.  Originally a gymnasium, the Student Union was constructed with the help of over $100,000 in pledges, with $15,000 coming from the student body.  The cornerstone was laid on October 2nd, 1921, and, despite a temporary strike from six of the brick layers, was completed in 1922 and dedicated on May 20th, 1922.  The gymnasium contained an indoor track, a 60 x 90 foot hardwood gym floor, a handball court, men\'92s and women\'92s locker rooms, and, in the basement, an indoor swimming pool.  The Student Union was named after former Gustavus President O. J. Johnson by the King of Sweden in 1983.  The new gymnasium was the center of recreation until the Student Union was renovated in 1987.  What was once the indoor swimming pool has become the Dive and some of the tile is still in place from the original pool.  What used to be the gym floor and track is now Alumni Hall.  The Johnson Campus Center was and still is an integral building on the campus of Gustavus.\
\
\
- Danny Kimlinger}