{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx787\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Vickner Hall
\b0 \
\
	Vickner Hall was dedicated to Gustavus Adolphus College on May 18th, 1962. Vickner Hall was named after Edwin J. Vickner giving the official name of Edwin J. Vickner Language Hall. Edwin J. Vickner\'92s wife, Bertha Almen Vickner, had given Gustavus Adolphus College $225,000 in funds for the language classroom building after her late husband, Edwin J. Vickner, had passed away. According to Gustavus French Professor Aaron Everett, when Vickner was first opened for class it has some of the first class lab equipment unmatched by and other area school. The language center had new systems that instructors could use for repetitive drilling necessary to learn a new language.\
\
	Vickner Hall was very known for its high quality of equipment and technology for the time it was built. The first floor contained the language laboratory and it included 35 individual booths with only 12 of them containing tape recording facilities, an instructor\'92s master counsel with 10 sending channels with one of the 10 channels containing a phonograph. The phonograph was used as a learning tool for literature, music, and other recording materials by using headphones. \
\
	Some of the facilities had advantages of learning a language because they could show filmstrips, slides, and movies. The language lab was built to that students are still able to work independently as well as participate during the entire class period. One of the very nice features of the high quality equipment during the 1960\'92s is that the instructor can record the voices of the students and play their own voice back to them so that they can hear their own progress and mistakes that they might not of noticed. Using highly sensitive microphones, they were able to record over there own voice and compare it to see their progress through the language learning course.\
\
\
- Jack Nichols\
}